hello and welcome
for a long-awaited video
on Travis
christopherson's latest book
tripping over the truth
which is all about how cancer is really
a metabolic
disease
and not caused by
the so-called carcinogens
and such uh mutations
in the genome or the replication thereof
no it's not started in the nucleus of
the cell
it's caused by the destruction of your
mitochondria
because of the foolish things you do
foreign
got so sick
from their current treatments losing
their hair and wines and all the rest of
it
but no
however when you read a scientific book
like this it can get very confusing
because they start at the beginning and
go down every single permutation
on the way there to explain to you
why we got kind of lost in the way
okay
but now
if you start at the back of the book
the last couple of uh
chapters you finally get where we're at
now
and now we're looking at three
bromopyruviate
we're looking at hyperbolic Chambers
and how oxygen reacts
when you put somebody in one of those
and uh have the whole mechanism
works
so now the quick and dirty is
instead of going to nuclear war with
cancer you don't have to do all that no
you can
just
take the proper
drug the proper formulation
and the proper dosage
and keep an eye on it
and eat right
and you're good to go
without all the must the fuss the pain
the agony
and yeah
they're easy enough to kill when you
know how
and 95 percent of cancers are
yo
the three BP can take care of it
okay you just gotta get it early enough
so you haven't wrecked everything inside
so that you can't recover or you become
easy prey for any secondary pneumonia or
whatever
that's lurking around in your
environment
because yes Mother Nature is still
trying to kill you
okay
Okay so
this book is very well written takes you
from point A all the way to the current
situation and it's long
it is long
and some of the experiments aren't very
pretty
some of the things they used to use
mustard gas yeah
and then of course if you've read
immemorium by Christopher Hitchens
or if you've seen his
whole Vanity Fair piece
on his treatment
because yes Christopher was left to pray
to secondary infections even though he
had
what was considered the best cancer
person
there
nope
but that was when they thought it was
all genetic
so they kept looking through the genetic
code of cancer unfortunately cancer
doesn't work that way
has many uh similarities with viruses
you know so across one tumor
you might have
various
genetic codes because they are sweepy
swappy back and forth
and it tries to hide
I mean it wants to live too so yeah it's
gonna try to hide from you and where
does it like to hide
up there
so
if you cure it in the body but it makes
it to the brain well
now there are some things you can't
actually
get through the blood brain barrier
to attack it with
that's where
3bp comes in
because it can
go in there and it doesn't kill normal
cells
but it just gobbles up
cancer cells
ah
any case
it was fun reading it
it was a long read but it was fun
he writes very clearly
even if scientifically
and you get introduced to a whole slew
of players
they're cool Young
Dr Peterson Dr seifig
say freak
and a Otto Warburg
the hero of it all
so
I hope you read the book it is a good
one I do recommend it highly
especially for those who are later long
in life
because the more you live
the uh
more Predators you have out there in
nature to come and get you
so
so I do hope this helps
thank you for watching and please do
come again